Privacy and cookie policy at Stichting Euro-Sportring 

WHICH PERSONAL DATA ARE PROCESSED?

Euro-Sportring may process personal data about you if you use the services offered by Euro-Sportring and/or if you provide these data yourself when registering on the Euro-Sportring app. Euro-Sportring may process the following personal data:

- Your first name and surname
- Your preferred tournament details
- Your e-mail address
- Your IP address

WHY EURO-SPORTRING NEEDS DATA

Euro-Sportring processes your personal data so that it is able to contact you in writing by email when you ask it to.

Euro-Sportring may also use your personal data as part of its performance of an agreement to provide services: usually involving the organisation and sale of international tournaments.

HOW LONG EURO-SPORTRING RETAINS DATA

Euro-Sportring retains your personal data no longer than strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data are collected. Your data will only be retained for five years if no agreement is concluded with you.

SHARING WITH OTHERS

Euro-Sportring will only share your personal data with third parties if necessary for the performance of an agreement that it has entered into with you, or to comply with a statutory duty.

ACCESSING, CORRECTING OR REMOVING DATA

You have the right to access, correct or remove your personal data, which you can do by sending an access, correction or removal request to Euro-Sportring. Euro-Sportring will respond to your request as quickly as possible, but within four weeks at the very latest.

PROTECTING DATA

Euro-Sportring recognises the need to protect your data and puts appropriate measures in place to discourage misuse, loss, unauthorised access, accidental disclosure and unauthorised modification. The Euro-Sportring app uses a reliable SSL Certificate to ensure that your personal data do not end up in the wrong hands (encrypted).

If you feel that your data are not being protected properly, if there are signs of misuse, or if you would like more information about the protection of personal data collected by Euro-Sportring, please contact Euro-Sportring via info@euro-sportring.org.

Euro-Sportring can be contacted as indicated below:

Postal address: P.O. Box 78, 3740 AB Baarn, the Netherlands
Office address: Javalaan 7B, 3742 CN Baarn, the Netherlands
Registration number in the commercial register of the chamber of commerce: KVK32083831
Telephone: +31 (0)355489800
E-mail address: info@euro-sportring.org

